docs/README.md, before:

## UMKC CS451R - Commerce Bank Project
This project is a learning project between UMKC students and Commerce Bank for COMP-SCI 451R: Software Engineering Capstone at the University of Missouri-Kansas City.

### Project Description
A web application that pulls in transaction details (we will provide sample data) and allows the user to set triggers for notification rules and receive notifications around them. The system should also save data to a database so recurring reports can be created.

Application must include:
- Login page
- Home page
- Transaction summary
- Notification rules
- Notifications based on rules

### Team
- Zach Gharst (Database Administrator): [@ZDGharst](https://github.com/ZDGharst)
- William Keke (Project Manager)
- Benaiah Kilen (Developer): [@benaiahk](https://github.com/benaiahk)
- Atticus Parris (Developer): [@atparris](https://github.com/atparris)
- Andrew Poitras (Developer)

### Technology Used
HTML, CSS, JS, C#.NET MVC, MS SQL Server, xUnit

### To Do
Please view the [issues section](issues) to see what is on our to do list.

### License
This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add group procedures to readme

docs/README.md, after:

## UMKC CS451R - Commerce Bank Project
This project is a learning project between UMKC students and Commerce Bank for COMP-SCI 451R: Software Engineering Capstone at the University of Missouri-Kansas City.

### Project Description
A web application that pulls in transaction details (we will provide sample data) and allows the user to set triggers for notification rules and receive notifications around them. The system should also save data to a database so recurring reports can be created.

Application must include:
- Login page
- Home page
- Transaction summary
- Notification rules
- Notifications based on rules

### Team
- Zach Gharst (Database Administrator): [@ZDGharst](https://github.com/ZDGharst)
- William Keke (Project Manager)
- Benaiah Kilen (Developer): [@benaiahk](https://github.com/benaiahk)
- Atticus Parris (Developer): [@atparris](https://github.com/atparris)
- Andrew Poitras (Developer)

### Technology Used
HTML, CSS, JS, C#.NET MVC, MS SQL Server, xUnit

### Group Procedures
- General netiquette. We are all humans and like to be respected.
- Don't *ever* push to the master branch.
- Use branches as appropriate; commit often (15~ minutes), push frequently (once a day), and merge request when ready (once a week).
- At least two other group members must approve pull requests before merging into master branch.
- Small check-ins every morning around 9 a.m. in the Discord server.

### To Do
Please view the [issues section](issues) to see what is on our to do list.

### License
This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](LICENSE).
